In this video, you
will learn to describe
the five common forms of
cryptographic attack,
brute force, rainbow tables,
social engineering, known
plaintext, known ciphertext.
Now, we'll discuss
some cryptographic attacks.
Some basic cryptographic
attacks that we
have seen in the past
are brute force,
the rainbow tables, of
course social engineering,
known plain text, and
known ciphertext.
So brute force is an attack
based on trial and error,
and effectively would work
through submission of
many passwords or
fast traces to hope
that eventually it
will guess correctly.
Rainbow tables are similar,
but they use a limited amount
of information or
entity, or files,
and they actually contain
three hash passwords that we
can check against hash customers,
that makes the attacks
a lot faster.
Social engineering consists using
non-technical methods
to get those,
maybe get the password from
the end users themselves.
The known plaintext
attack is based
on having only plain text,
and doing analysis based on
that plaint text to try to
understand how the cipher works,
and how the cipher
encrypts the information.
This is an attempt to actually
understand and try to get
the actual key that is
used in the cipher to
encrypt the information.
Once you have
the key, you are able
to decrypt or encrypt
any information.
The known ciphertext is
the process of having
only ciphertext.
It's similar to the
plaintext attack,
but with the difference that
we don't own plaintext,
we just own ciphertext,
and based on that ciphertext,
we try to defer the key used
in the cipher to again,
encrypt and decrypt information.